[Issue 2404][doc]Add proxy auth data forwarding and refine pulsar proxy content (#7297)
apache/pulsar: site2/docs/administration-proxy.md

---
id: administration-proxy
title: Pulsar proxy
sidebar_label: Pulsar proxy
---

Pulsar proxy is an optional gateway. Pulsar proxy is used when direction connections between clients and Pulsar brokers are either infeasible or undesirable. For example, when you run Pulsar in a cloud environment or on [Kubernetes](https://kubernetes.io) or an analogous platform, you can run Pulsar proxy.

## Configure the proxy

Before using the proxy, you need to configure it with the brokers addresses in the cluster. You can configure the proxy to connect directly to service discovery, or specify a broker URL in the configuration. 

### Use service discovery

Pulsar uses [ZooKeeper](https://zookeeper.apache.org) for service discovery. To connect the proxy to ZooKeeper, specify the following in `conf/proxy.conf`.
```properties
zookeeperServers=zk-0,zk-1,zk-2
configurationStoreServers=zk-0:2184,zk-remote:2184
```

> > To use service discovery, you need to open the network ACLs, so the proxy can connects to the ZooKeeper nodes on the ZooKeeper client port(the default is `2181`) and the configuration store client port(the default is `2184`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To use service discovery, you need to open the network ACLs, so the proxy can connects to the ZooKeeper nodes through the ZooKeeper client port (port `2181`) and the configuration store client port (port `2184`).
```

> However, it is not secure to use service discovery. Because if the network ACL is open, when someone compromises a proxy, they have full access to ZooKeeper. 

### Use broker URLs

It is more secure to specify a URL to connect to the brokers.

> Proxy authorization requires access to ZooKeeper, so if you use these broker URLs to connect to the brokers, you need disable authorization at Proxy level. Brokers still authorize requests after the proxy forwards them.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Proxy authorization requires access to ZooKeeper, so if you use these broker URLs to connect to the brokers, you need to disable authorization at the Proxy level. Brokers still authorize requests after the proxy forwards them.
```

Author: thank you very much for your refinement~

functionWorkerWebServiceURL=http://function-workers.example.com:8080
```

If you use TLS, configure the broker URLs in the following way:
```properties
brokerServiceURLTLS=pulsar+ssl://brokers.example.com:6651
brokerWebServiceURLTLS=https://brokers.example.com:8443
functionWorkerWebServiceURL=https://function-workers.example.com:8443
```

> The hostname in the URLs provided should be a DNS entry which points to multiple brokers or a Virtual IP, which is backed by multiple broker IP addresses, so that the proxy does not lose connectivity to Pulsar cluster if a single broker becomes unavailable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The hostname in the URLs provided should be a DNS entry which points to multiple brokers or a virtual IP address, which is backed by multiple broker IP addresses, so that the proxy does not lose connectivity to Pulsar cluster if a single broker becomes unavailable.
```
